	In the lecture video, Achieving Your Childhood Dreams, Randy Pausch spoke about reaching your childhood dreams, and helping children create and achieve their own. His dreams included experiencing zero gravity, 'being' Captain Kirk, becoming an Imagineer, playing in the NFL, authoring in the World Book encyclopedia, and winning stuffed animals. Pausch did not hold back when it came to dreaming, and he achieved, for the most part, each of his dreams. Our dreams naturally change as we get older or the logistics don't add up, like the inability to become Captain Kirk, so he met the actor. I appreciated his brick wall metaphor and him identifying them as a barrier that is meant to be passed. Challenges are introductions into what's next, and sometimes it is someone saying 'You're not suited for this'. That's when you take the time to decide if it's not for you, or if you want to put in the work. When you put in the work, you learn, and you mess up, and you try again, over and over. When you put this kind of work into your dreams, instead of doing things the 'right' way or ignoring your aspirations altogether, the never ending process can become exciting instead of tedious. Without the brick wall, what would we be? Or do? Every action we make is the world we build for ourselves, and choosing positive, goal-oriented actions opens many doors. When I was young, I wanted to be a 'cowgirl rock star'. While I might not share that enthusiasm with 5 year old me, I do enjoy making music, just not as a performer. I've spent more time the past couple months on playing the guitar just a couple minutes every couple days, I may not know everything but I know a lot more than I did. It's easier to find that next step once I've tried it out myself, and I can find a way past the brick walls instead of surrendering. 
	I also identified closely with the desire to help others achieve their dreams. It can be difficult in the current times to envision life beyond our lived experience, but the future is a place you have some control over. Picture the dream, and find the next step. You don't have to chart the whole path, just start moving and try to enjoy the process, and if you don't, it's okay to move along. Pausch emphasizes the support of others, he speaks about those who helped him. With some connections and networking, he had found a path to an Imagineer career. Well, first he was rejected, and then ended up working with Disney Imagineers through his job. He was offered a position, but he decided it wasn't what he actually wanted. This shows an important part of his process, that in achieving these dreams, you don't have to follow a strict path. It's really about following what you enjoy, which is allowed to change. Pausch looks for opportunities to help others succeed. When he decided to leave one of his projects, he wanted to make sure he chose the right person. He could have stayed, but helped others by choosing someone who was not a 'good fit, but a better fit'. This progression allows everyone to open more doors to their success. I wasn't the only child that inherited a love for music. I knew my sister was always interested in music, but was self conscious about practicing. I did my best to encourage her by practicing in front of her so she could see that the mistakes aren't shameful. I encouraged her when she tried things, and having seen her use my guitar for a couple months and dedication, I bought her an electric guitar for her birthday. She borrows our brother's amp and has improved drastically. It's been great to see her grow in skill and confidence. The lecture communicated it's ideas well and I could identify with his talk.